special symbols:
@ - assignment (1 or more)
# - hashtag (1 or more)
- priority is set on the form
- due date is set on the form

action = 140 characters
username = 15 characters
groups = 15 characters
hashtags = 24 characters

all strings are case insensitive, stored as lowercase in the system

1.  usernames must be unique, 15 character limit
2.  usernames and groups share same namespace therefore group names must be
unique
3.  hashtags are unique
4.  hashtags can refer to multiple actions
5.  actions have a single owner
6.  the same action can be assigned to multiple owners, but constitutes
multiple actions, bound together by a unique guid
7.  usernames can start with a number
8.  usernames and hashtags can contain alpha numerics and underscore,
hyphen.
9.  hashtags cannot start with a number
10. hashtags cannot start with a hyphen
11. usernames may not start with a hyphen

return values are in the form of a json message:

  { status: "", msg: "" }

open
hashtags
assigned

1.  only action creators may delete action
2.  action owner may assign action to someone else including reassigning back
to owner
3.  action owner may not delete
4.  the @username remains the same even after a re-assignment
5.  a reassign constitutes the action of completing an action and creating
a new action, the new action has a reference to the original action id.


origin id's:

the origin id is the original action id, an action can be reassigned
multiple times, each reassigned action will point to the original action,
not the preceeding action.  the series will signify all actions belonging
to this reassigned action and can be sorted based on date.

actions:

immutable.

action state:

0 - open
1 - complete
2 - deleted
3 - reassigned


there are 2 elements that need to be updated periodically:

1.  actions
2.  comments

a simple solution would be to refresh the entire page thus doing a server
side refresh of all data no matter if data was changed.  this introduces
an issue where any form content needs to be cached.

a better solution would be to have periodic checks on the server side for
new content.  all actions and comments would be pulled and checked against
currently cached, this could involve some processing on the client side,
but should be neglible.

another solution would be to open a long life connection where the client
checks periodically for updates, and the server responds whenever there's
a response.
